[docs] Adds EAS Update preview docs (#14455)
expo/expo: docs/pages/preview/eas-update/introduction.md

---
title: EAS Update Preview
---

> Expo provides a service named EAS (Expo Application Services) Update, which can host and serve updates for an Expo app using the expo-updates library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EAS (Expo Application Services) Update is a cloud service by the Expo team that hosts and serves updates for Expo apps using the `expo-updates` library.```

missing a trailing `s` on @ide's suggestion.
